Hi within this lecture we're going to pass our information from places where you Controller two details
we controller and the information that we're passing to is the place chosen.
The idea of the place chosen because we're getting the name of the location and idea of the location
and where the user taps on that location where you're going to have to pass that I.D. so that we can
use that I.D. to retrieve further information from pass in the details of you controller.
And we're going to use the old way of doing that so we're going to use the prepare for Segway and pass
this information because we're just passing one tiny little bit of data in here which is I.D. of the
chosen location.
OK.
So I'm gonna call this preparing for Segway.
And what we do here is to prepare the Segway but also we have to call the deed select roll as well so
that we know which index was chosen.
Right.
Of course in order to make this work we need some variables inside our details we have controllers so
that we can reach the details we have controller from here and I'm going to call this chosen place.
So chosen place idea actually.
This will be a string type object and you can try to make this initialize as an optional string or you
can just create an empty string as well because it really doesn't matter.
You're going to pass this information from our places we see to here anyway and you have seen the both
ways of doing this so far.
So I'm going to go for this empty string OK.
Under places where you controller we going to define our details we controller as a variable I reached
at the information but in order to do that of course we need a Segway.
Right now I believe yep we have our Segway right to details we have controller.
Now we can use it.
So underprepared for Segway I'm going to check to see if Segway identifier is actually two details we
see.
Right.
If that's the case then I'm going to create my place details we see as a variable.
So I'm going to say let destination we see.
OK destination we have controller is going to be Segway.
That destination and I'm going to first cast this as my details.
We have controller and then later on I'm going to do a build with command B so that I can reach the
variables of this destination we see and the variable that I'm want to get is the chosen place I.D.
So if I say destination we see Dot I will get to see this chosen place I.D..
And how will I get this chosen place i.e. I have to create some other variable here so that I can get
it.
So under here I'm going to say selected place I.D..
OK.
And this will be an empty string initially but once a user clicks on here I'm going to assign its value.
So come over did select row and I'm going to say select the place I.D. is place idea array index path
data row and then later on we're actually going to perform the Segway snuffed out performed Segway here.
OK.
So what was the Segway identifier.
It's two details of easy.
And the sender will be new.
So that's it.
That's how we passed this information in our places model places details we have controller sir.
So here let me try to print this and see if we can get these results.
So let me run this from scratch so that we can run this print statement as well.
So let me click on this James.
And here you go.
Now we see this I.D. So we're going to use that I.D. to get the details from PA server.
So let me import the pass in details.
We have controller.
OK.
And there we did load rather than just printing out this result.
I'm going to have another query in here this time this will be again a P.F. query actually and the class
name is again the places.
This is all good.
But this time I'm going to add and Neil Viki to filter the results.
So I'm going to say query that very key and the key that I'm looking for is place.
I did not place I'd.
Let's see what this is object I.D..
OK so object I.D. and this will be equal to chosen place I.D..
So let's try this.
Let's say that Curry dots find objects in background with block OK.
And this will give me an objects and error and if error is not nil of course I'm going to show some
message again later on else I'm going to print out these objects for right now.
Let's see let's see if we can get the James restaurant I.D..
James restaurant details using that idea actually.
Let's click on this.
James restaurant.
And here you go we get the James restaurant details.
Now of course we only have one way alley but it means that this is working right.
Because we have a filter and we have the result back.
So it must be working of course at the end of the section we're going to try it.
Try this with another variables another rows and now their values as well.
Don't worry but right now we know that this is working and we have to pass this information we have
to actually process this information to show the name the type the atmosphere the image and the coordinates
to the user.
Let's do that in the next lecture.